Accept multiple code files in all CLI commands (#12101)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/cli.mdx

$ python -m spacy init fill-config [base_path] [output_file] [--diff]
```

| Name                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `base_path`            | Path to base config to fill, e.g. generated by the [quickstart widget](/usage/training#quickstart). ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                              |
| `output_file`          | Path to output `.cfg` file or "-" to write to stdout so you can pipe it to a file. Defaults to "-" (stdout). ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                     |

> | `--code`, `-c`         | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~ |

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether we should drop `\(option)` here. Technically it's `str` and not `Optional[str]`, but we use a blank string as default argument - so from a usage viewpoint it's optional. Or we change `code_path` to be `Optional[str]`?
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`         | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~ |
```

Reviewer 2: I think "option" is referring to the structure of the CLI args (vs. flag), and is not related to `Optional` here.

| Name                     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `config_path`            | Path to [training config](/api/data-formats#config) file containing all settings and hyperparameters. If `-`, the data will be [read from stdin](/usage/training#config-stdin). ~~Union[Path, str] \(positional)~~             |

> | `--code`, `-c`           | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~                         |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`           | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~                         |
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `config_path`     | Path to [training config](/api/data-formats#config) file containing all settings and hyperparameters. If `-`, the data will be [read from stdin](/usage/training#config-stdin). ~~Union[Path, str] \(positional)~~ |
| `--output`, `-o`  | Directory to store trained pipeline in. Will be created if it doesn't exist. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~                                                                                                          |

> | `--code`, `-c`    | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~             |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`    | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~             |
```

| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `config_path`           | Path to [training config](/api/data-formats#config) file containing all settings and hyperparameters. If `-`, the data will be [read from stdin](/usage/training#config-stdin). ~~Union[Path, str] \(positional)~~ |
| `output_dir`            | Directory to save binary weights to on each epoch. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                                                                           |

> | `--code`, `-c`          | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~             |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`          | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~             |
```

```

| Name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `model`                   | Pipeline to evaluate. Can be a package or a path to a data directory. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                             |
| `data_path`               | Location of evaluation data in spaCy's [binary format](/api/data-formats#training). ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                              |
| `--output`, `-o`          | Output JSON file for metrics. If not set, no metrics will be exported. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~                                                                                                    |

> | `--code`, `-c`            | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~ |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`            | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~ |
```

```

| Name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `model`                   | Pipeline to apply to the data. Can be a package or a path to a data directory. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                    |
| `data_path`               | Location of data to be evaluated in spaCy's [binary format](/api/data-formats#training), jsonl, or plain text. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                   |
| `output-file`, `-o`       | Output `DocBin` path. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `--code`, `-c`            | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~ |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`            | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~ |
```

| `data_path`             | Path to file with DocBin with docs to use for threshold search. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                                                  |
| `pipe_name`             | Name of pipe to examine thresholds for. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                                                           |
| `threshold_key`         | Key of threshold attribute in component's configuration. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                                          |
| `scores_key`            | Name of score to metric to optimize. ~~str (positional)~~                                                                                                                                              |
| `--n_trials`, `-n`      | Number of trials to determine optimal thresholds. ~~int (option)~~                                                                                                                                     |

> | `--code`, `-c`          | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~ |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`          | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~ |
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `config_path`     | Path to the [config](/api/data-formats#config) file containing all settings and hyperparameters. If `-`, the data will be [read from stdin](/usage/training#config-stdin). ~~Union[Path, str] \(positional)~~ |
| `output_dir`      | Directory to store the final pipeline in. Will be created if it doesn't exist. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~                                                                                                   |

> | `--code`, `-c`    | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~        |

Reviewer: See above.
```suggestion
| `--code`, `-c`    | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~str \(option)~~        |
```
